 Internship Program – Nethermind- Blockchain Developer
 
What are they about : 
 
We are a team of world class builders and researchers with expertise across several domains: Ethereum Protocol Engineering, Layer-2, Decentralized Finance (DeFi), Miner Extractable Value (MEV), Smart Contract Development, Security Auditing and Formal Verification. 

Working to solve some of the most challenging problems in the blockchain space, we frequently collaborate with renowned companies, such as Ethereum Foundation, StarkWare, Flashbots, xDai, Open Zeppelin, Forta Protocol, Energy Web, POA Network and many more. 
We actively contribute to Ethereum core development, EIP’s and network upgrades together with the Ethereum Foundation, and other client teams. 
Today, there are 100+ of us distributed across the world. 
Qualifications:
  You'd fit right in if you have: 
 They are looking for students and recent graduates with a strong background in software engineering, computer science, mathematics, financial mathematics, or quantitative finance. 
Knowledge in any of the following is nice to have: 
•	DeFi
•	AMM (automated market maker) 
•	Derivatives pricing (Options, Black Scholes, Futures) 
•	Stochastic calculus
•	Algorithms
•	Cryptography
•	Ethereum
But above all, they look for passion and hunger to work in the blockchain, Ethereum and DeFi space 
Join them If you are excited about: 
How does the internship program work and what makes it unique? 

Our interns will be given full autonomy, allowing them to decide whatever they want to do, experiment, and ask a lot of questions, and we will encourage and push our interns to succeed. 
This is a new area for me, can I have study time? 

We allow our interns the study time they require for anything related to what we do. 

What are the working hours? 

Our working hours are flexible to suit the requirements of the individual. In order to get the best out of the internship program, interns must be available for a minimum of 20 hours per week. 

Where is it located? 

We are a globally distributed team and we are a remote-first organization. Our entire team works fully remote. 

Is it paid? 

Yes, our internship program is paid. 

When does it start? 

Our internship program is open all year round and you can apply at any time. 

What is the duration of the internship? 

The duration of the internship is flexible and can range from 1-3 months depending on the availability of the individual. Most of our interns stay on the program for 3 months. 

Do you hold a daily stand-up meeting? 

Yes. Each team holds their own daily stand-up meeting to discuss what each member of the team is working on and an opportunity to ask questions. 

Will I have a mentor? 
Yes. All interns are assigned a mentor where they can seek help and guidance. 
What tool do you use for communication? 

We use Slack daily and it is our primary medium of communication. All interns are added to our Slack workspace.



Official Website- 
https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/nethermind-internship-program/

