 Apply Now:
Introduction
IBM Research Scientists are charting the future of Artificial Intelligence, creating breakthroughs in quantum computing, discovering how blockchain will reshape the enterprise, and much more. Join a team that is dedicated to applying science to some of today’s most complex challenges, whether it’s discovering a new way for doctors to help patients, teaming with environmentalists to clean up our waterways or enabling retailers to personalize customer service.

Your Role and Responsibilities
Start and end dates for this Internship are during Summer 2023 (3 months). This position is intended for candidates who previously participated in an IBM internship in 2022.
Artificial intelligence is having a profound impact on all aspects of our lives and is transforming how work is conducted in every industry. Today, AI systems are enabling businesses to personalize services, converse with customers, automate operations, optimize workflows, predict demand, and recommend next best actions. A common thread to our ambitious AI research agenda is to understand how AI systems and algorithms can be designed responsibly and produce effective outcomes for their enterprise users.

We are seeking intern candidates to help us advance our research and development agenda on artificial intelligence in areas including Natural Language Processing, Neuro-Symbolic AI, Human-Centered AI, Trusted AI, Knowledge and Reasoning, AI for Business Automation, AI Applications, AI Security, AI Hardware, Automated AI, Speech and Conversational AI.

You have a proven interest and experience in defining and driving a research agenda for the duration of the internship with the goal to publish your work at top academic venues. During your internship you will work in close
collaboration with other researchers and engineers to conduct world-class research and software development. Demonstrated communication skills are essential.

Candidates must be willing to work in any of the following locations: San Jose, CA; Cambridge, MA; Yorktown Heights, NY

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

Programming lanaguages: Python, Java, C/C++, JavaScript, R, etc.
Machine learning theory: discriminative models, generative models, deep neural networks, detecting and mitigating bias, adversarial robustness, causality, uncertainty
Machine learning engineering: creating training pipelines and evaluating models using toolkits such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, and scikit-learn
Experience publishing scientific results in technical communities such as NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, IJCAI, ACL, AAAI, KDD, CHI, IUI, CSCW, or similar
Software engineering best practices, including agile techniques
Cloud-native development and toolkits such as Docker, Kubernetes, and OpenShift
Experience in training large-scale machine learning models
Qualitative and quantitative user research and user-centric design
Experience solving analytical problems using rigorous and quantitative approaches
Experience analyzing large-scale data from a variety of sources
Design, validation, and characterization of algorithms and/or systems
Experience in front and back-end web application development and frameworks such as HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Carbon, React, Flask, Node.js, etc.
Backend storage technologies such as SQL and NoSQL databases such as Postgres, MongoDB, Cloudant, ElasticSearch, etc.



Country/Region:US
State:MULTIPLE
City:Multiple Cities
Category:Research
Required Education:Bachelor's Degree
Position Type:Intern
Employment Type:Full-Time
Contract Type:Internship
Company:(0147) International Business Machines Corporation
Req ID:592052BR
Travel Required:No Travel
